hey guys how you doing so i bought
diablo 3 yesterday I'm not really a
diablo fan but i got a couple people
that recommend it again to me so i
thought i'd try it out well when i
bought it look pretty cool look pretty
good i am running on a sony model number
vgn NW to 35 f the all the specs seemed
about right then when I went you know
loaded the game up and everything like
that I got in a code here let's see if I
can figure it out everything worked up
to this point and then when I went to to
hit the play button it gave me this code
it says we have detected that your video
card is not supported by diablo 3
operating system windows 7 service pack
1 video card is the mobile intel or four
series express chipset family so after
doing a little research you know because
i wanted to play this game and you know
what 60 bucks i thought it should be
able to play this game anyway and then
you can look on here this is a list i
recommend everyone look on this list
before they go and buy that game because
this is all the all the lists this whole
list here so and then it says let's see
here of the top there any intel graphics
card unsupported intel series 4 and
below is unsupported so right there
challege is unsupported which is a
bummer so after a little research though
i figured out a way we can you can get
get past that now you can always try i'm
not sure with any other chips up you can
always try end and hit the play button
here and then when you get this error
error error whatever message just hit
the escape button on your keyboard and
it's going to take you out of there and
then it's going to load
and this this is what happened to me
when I did that it acted like he was
going to load oh you know what it can do
that it's going to let me do that
because i already changed it so anyway
it's it won't let you it won't let you
do that if you're just starting out so
what you're going to have to do is you
got to go down here to start go over to
document this is windows 7 by the way
and you click on diablo 3 here and then
it's going to say d 3 prefs text you
double click on that you're going to get
this big ol huge list here and then
while you're going to be looking for
we're actually going to be looking for
two of them so you're going to be
looking for
hardware class and it's going to show
zero right here so right here we're so
sorry I'm sorry this is really a pretty
blurry but it says hardware class it's
going to say zero you're going to change
that to one and then you're going to
look for try linear filtering right here
and that's going to say zero as well
change that to one and then you go up
here you just save it and then you can
exit out of here exit out of this one as
well and then you're going to double
click on diablo 3 again and then it's
still going to give you that error code
just hit the escape button and it should
let you play i'm not sure if this is
going to work for any other besides the
Intel for series chipset family whatever
it's whatever it's called but it works I
mean you can log in
and play the only issue is that it's
pretty I mean it's pretty laggy I don't
know if there's anybody else out there
that's done this and if they've gotten
anything that that kind of fixes this
but it is it's pretty laggy I'll show
you guys here real quick how ideas but
you can play I mean nonetheless you can
play so the sixty dollars didn't totally
go to waste but this is this is it you
know I'm playing here but it is it's
very very laggy so if anybody is out
there that does have a fix for this you
know it's not too too horribly bad i
mean it's just kind of kind of slow we
do go into a building or something like
that this is how it it's supposedly it's
supposed to run a little bit better than
this which all the videos I've watched
on it it is running a little bit better
like it's kind of like he's in slow
motion but nonetheless you could still
play so that's that's it for all you
guys that aren't a sony an older one
like me that just you know want to play
diablo 3 leave a comment tell me what
you guys think sorry about the video
quality i haven't gotten a set up on my
computer yet so i could put up to my
quality video so I'm not not using on my
computer that much but that's it for you
guys all right right on thanks